deprecate PagerInterface::getNbResults() in favour of countResults() (#6732)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE 3.x
===========

UPGRADE FROM 3.85 to 3.86
=========================

> ### Deprecated
> - `PagerInterface::getNbResults()`
> - `PagerInterface::setNbResults(...)`
> - `PagerInterface::$nbResults`
> 
> The method `PagerInterface::getNbResults()` was deprecated in favour of a new method `PagerInterface::countResults()`.
> Not implementing this new method is deprecated and will throw an error on 4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sonata\AdminBundle\Datagrid\PagerInterface

Deprecated `getNbResults()` method in favor of `countResults()`.

### Sonata\AdminBundle\Datagrid\Pager and Sonata\AdminBundle\Datagrid\SimplePager

Deprecated `$nbResults` property, `getNbResults()` and `setNbResults()` methods.
```
